Descriptions

1) Liam Crockard


A Stand in for the Thing
–
In conversation with Liam Crockard

Over the past year towards has been working in collaboration with Liam Crockard on an ongoing project. Through a series of informal meetings, we've explored a number of topics, from scraper bikes and blue collar aesthetics, to dematerialised labour and the role of humour in a contemporary art practice. Read More


2) Colleen Heslin


The Sointula Art Shed
–
Colleen Heslin & Les Ramsay

I was first introduced to Colleen Heslin’s work by a mutual friend last spring. Upon visiting her Montreal studio, I was immediatly taken by her large, collage&mdash;like canvases. Her attention to detail and the interplay between process, material, and surface was quite striking. After speaking further and learning that she had originally studied photography, we agreed it would be interesting to have her document the summer residency that she and her partner, Les Ramsay were about embark on. Read More



3) Sky Glabush

Shifting Concerns
–
A portfolio by Sky Glabush

In a conversation between Sky Glabush and Robert Enright, the journalist and Border Crossing’s founder remarked that Sky was one of the few artists he knew who is constantly in the process of re-examining his own practice.
Over the past 15 years, he’s done this many times, moving from realist landscape paintings, to water colours, to collage and sculpture. Read More

4) Lina Viste Grønli

Abstract Languages
–
An Interview with Lina Viste Grønli 

Language is something we are surrounded by at almost all times in our everyday lives. Because of its ubiquity, we often forget its unique ability to clarify or obfuscate meaning depending on how it’s employed.

Lina Viste Grønli has a long standing fascination with language. Through performance and sculpture, she explores its structures, framework, and materialization

5) Hadley and Maxwell

The Terrorist and the Rhetorician
–
An Interview with Hadley+Maxwell

Towards is pleased to present a new interview with Berlin based artists Hadley+Maxwell. The interview was conducted by Toronto based “FRIENDS” (Aryen Hoekstra and Jenine Marsh) in fall 2012 as part of the University of Guelph’s visiting artist lecture series. Read More

6) Georgia Dickie

213 to 1024
–
Erika Jacobs with Georgia Dickie

When writing about the photographs of Paul Strand, John Berger remarked that “His best photographs are unusually dense – not in the sense of being overburdened or obscure, but in the sense of being filled with an unusual amount of substance per square inch.”  There is a similar density in the practice of Georgia Dickie. Read More


7) Matin Zad

The Correct Intention
–
A Film by Matin Zad

We are very pleased to be featuring this new video by longtime friend and contributor Matin Zad. Zad is a New York based photographer who recently teamed up with menswear label Duckie Brown to create the short film The Correct Intention. Read More

8) Oliver McGarvey


Grand Trunk Road
–
An interview with filmmaker Oliver McGarvey

Oliver McGarvey is a London born filmmaker with a strong sense of adventure. After spending his formative years in Canada, he completed film school in Paris, founding his production company, Rover Films while still a student. Most recently, Oliver spent six months documenting the travel adventures of family friends Rupert and Jan Grey as they drove their 1936 Rolls Royce across India. Read More

9) Martha Friedman

Material Absurdity
–
An interview with Martha Friedman

Nicki Bahrampour: I came across the Waffle piece you did for the Public Art Fund several months ago. It’s directly in front of a building who shares a very similar grid pattern. Was that intentional or did it happen by chance?

Martha Friedman: Yeah that was very intentional. One of the reasons I actually did a whole Read More


10) Aryen Hoekstra

What’s Hidden Between
–

An interview with Aryen Hoekstra

Aryen Hoekstra researches the effect of the moving image on modernity and attempts to locate its position after (post) modernism. Read More 


11) Calla Haynes

Calla: Redefining Luxury
–
An interview with designer Calla Haynes

Calla Haynes is a young designer based in Paris who has been garnering much attention as of late. Combining beautiful, layered prints, with a modern and tailored silhouette, she is redefining the notion of luxury for a new generation. We caught up with her to discuss inspiration, the changing nature of the fashion industry and processes behind some of her work. Read More



12) Elaine Cameron- Weir

Examining Truth in Materiality
– 
An interview with Elaine Cameron Weir

(Kevin to write better introduction and update later)


13) Travis

Towards
–
In collaboration with Travis Kormarnisky

towards teamed up with Toronto based artist Travis Komarknisky to create our inaugural video. Shot in studio, the video was then spliced up and 1500 frames were individually painted then re worked together to create the animation you see before you. Read More





